[ Add Macropad 15Pad ] (#23257)
qmk/qmk_firmware: keyboards/zlabkeeb/15pad/readme.md

# 15PAD

> ![15PAD](https://i.imgur.com/J7sZSnxh.jpeg)

Reviewer: This requirement has been changed, as it seems no longer supported by Imgur.
```suggestion
![15PAD](https://i.imgur.com/J7sZSnx.jpeg)
```

Author: okay thanks

15PAD is a Macropad With 12 Keys & 3 Rotary Encoder, Designed And Manufactured In INDONESIA.

-   Keyboard Maintainer: [zlabkeeb](https://github.com/zlabkeeb)
-   Hardware Supported: 15Pad PCB rev1, RP2040 ZERO
-   Hardware Availability: (INDONESIA ONLY) Will be available at [Tokopedia](https://www.tokopedia.com/zahranetid)

Make example for this keyboard (after setting up your build environment):

    make zlabkeeb/15pad:default

Flashing example for this keyboard:

    make zlabkeeb/15pad:default:flash

See the [build environment setup](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_build_tools) and the [make instructions](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/getting_started_make_guide) for more information. Brand new to QMK? Start with our [Complete Newbs Guide](https://docs.qmk.fm/#/newbs).

## Bootloader

> Enter the bootloader in 1 way:
> 
> -   **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the top of the PCB

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Enter the bootloader in 3 ways:

* **Bootmagic reset**: Hold down the key at (0,0) in the matrix (usually the top left key or Escape) and plug in the keyboard
* **Physical reset button**: Briefly press the button on the top of the PCB
* **Keycode in layout**: Press the key mapped to `QK_BOOT` if it is available

```
